# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:30.01.2025**
* **ASSISTANTS:Iv치n S치nchez Milara**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

In start Ivan noted that the wiki and github project was setup incorrectly.
Add better diagram to show main relations with concepts. (Items and relations)
Better show releated work. Add more justifications with links of works that showsthe API.
### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

Correct parts in task 1. Add better diagram to show relations of items and content of each item.
Continue to task 2.
When going to next parts authentication isn't needed to add immediately.



## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:11.02.2025**
* **ASSISTANTS:Iv치n S치nchez Milara**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

Main things was what next and some small things like time allocation and be more careful with model naming consistency between documentation and code. Most of the discussion was about testing, linting, extra work. Also possibility to create clienting alongside the backend.

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*

Fix the naming inconsistencies, add time allocation, create client, choose fitting testing library with coverage.



## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




